100 Things That You Need To Understand While You Are Still In College
Campus SDSU | On 10, Oct 2013

College will be the greatest time of your life. You will meet lifelong friends, make unforgettable memories, and discover yourself like you never had before. You will learn from school and you will learn from your experiences, but while you are in college you need to understand a few things.

STD’s are real. If you think that he or she has been around, then use protection.

You will learn more from your experiences than you will from class.
No one cares how good you look at 8am.
Finding lust is easy. Love is hard to find.
If you don’t get involved you still can have a great college experience.
You will meet a lot more people if you do get involved.
Anytime there is something (free food) it’s worth it to show up.

You’re paying for college so make the most out of it.College fund
Alcohol is great but it’s an easy way to pack on the pounds.
You can’t put your “like count” on an Instagram photo on your resume.
Who you hangout with is most likely who you will become.
Your professors are damn smart. Build a relationship with them.
Facebook is great for keeping in touch with old friends but it is a complete waste of time.
Money does not buy happiness but it is what puts you through college.
One of the best skills to have is being able to hold a conversation, regardless of the topic.
Experience will get you a job. Don’t rely only on your degree.
If you don’t have a LinkedIn you are way behind.
Adderall is great but self-motivation is way better.Adderall

Procrastination doesn’t cut it in the real world.
Being broke is a waste of time.
Building relationships will get you farther than networking.
Being financially independent is extremely rewarding.
Reading is not something you should be forced to do.
You never know what you’re getting if you do drugs.
Talking face to face is the only way to truly get to know someone.
Getting high gets old.
Being smart is sexy.

You are no better than anyone else.
Support your friends’ decisions but let them know if you think it’s wrong.
The way people see you is just as important as the way you see yourself.
Being out of shape isn’t worth it.
You will have way more energy if you are healthy.
Drunk sex is fun.
But sex is way better if you are emotionally attached.Sex favim
Don’t wait until you’re married to have sex.
Getting “blacked out” does not create memories.
Getting a 4.0 does not mean you’re smarter than anyone else.
Every college is a business and is run like a business.
Every person has a story, no need to judge anyone.
There is no reason to have your headphones in all the time. Take them out and just listen.
It’s a great thing to have a conversation with someone new everyday.
Don’t feel pressured to do something you don’t want to do. You will always have to option to say no.
Meet the people in your class. They are there for the same reason you are.
Your phone or your computer should not take all you attention. Look around and observe life around you.
Video games are entertaining but a waste of time.
Yoga pants might be the greatest invention of all time for both sexes.
Taking time to look good will make you feel better.
The police are terrible at preventing armed robberies but really good at giving out MICs and jaywalking tickets.
Go support your college sports teams. It’s more fun as a student than it will be when you are an Alumni.
Study in different places rather than just the library.Turtle pond

If you are not happy, you have the option to change that.
Keep notes, you can’t remember everything.
Keep a journal. You’ll thank me when you are older.
Use sunscreen.
Being lazy is not a trait of successful people.
People will help you with almost anything if you say you are a student.
Look people in the eyes when you talk to them. Otherwise you don’t look sincere.
Don’t burn your bridges. You might need them sometime down the road.
Trust is very hard to gain but it is easy to lose.
Spend less time in you dorm and more time in your friend’s dorm.
Spend a day without your phone. It will make you realize that you should care more about what you are doing than what other people are doing.
Drama is for the immature and should not ever be around in college.
If you drink underage, get a fake ID. It cost more for a MIC than it does for a fake ID.fake id
Read something that makes you think everyday.
Join a group of people who share similar interests.
Join a group that is completely different from you.
Shaving is a good thing for both men and women.
Look up when you are walking. Observe the many faces of the world.
Hangovers can ruin your weekend.

No one will want to be around you if you are always negative.
Get a college major that you will actually use… really Comm?
Travel now. Life gets busy and so do your friends.
Dance. Who really cares what other people think.
Go to an interview even if you don’t want the job.step brothers
Spend an entire day doing nothing except people watching.
Get outside of the college area. There is a lot to the world that most students don’t see.
Hillcrest has great places to eat.
Don’t make a promise that you can’t complete.

Coffee shops are a great place to spend an entire morning.
Never be afraid to meet someone new.
Know the basics of style. You’ll need to impress someone in an interview someday.
Support your parents. They like when their kid recognizes them for their achievements just as much as they recognize you for yours.
If you can’t grow attractive facial hair then shave on a regular basis.
Don’t be embarrassed by where you are working or what you do in life. We are in college doing the exact same thing.
Spend a few extra dollars for a hair cut that actually looks good.
This is the best you will ever look so make sure to take pictures.taking-picture-photographer

You will not learn all of life lessons in your 4 or 5 years in college.
Dream big but think practical. We won’t all own a Bugatti.
Karma is a real thing.
You won’t understand everyone but you should respect them.
Not everything in life is worth trying.
What you eat directly affects the way you feel.
There is no need to live outside your means. You’ll have to pay for it eventually.
The more time you watch TV the less you will get done. It’s science.
Live outside the box. Nothing new and exciting happens when you think inside the box.
Make other people are happy around you. It will give your life more meaning.
Be thankful for everything that led you where you to where you are today.
Smile everyday. You only have one life and there is no point not to be happy.
Enjoy the time you have because one day it will be gone.
Live how you want to. You are in complete control.enjoying-life-iheartfaces-wm