Ambien talk
I’m not even that Ambiened out.
But anyways, I can’t help but cry whenever I’m on it.

I love you.  I love you a lot.
And we fuck up.  We fuck up so, so much.

And even through everything I still love you.
So, so much.

And in the end I know it will never happen.

But I like to live in dreams and fantasies.
I like to think about and pretend that perhaps we’ll love again.
I don’t believe in “the one” or any of that bullshit.

But right now you are my one.
There is nothing more that I look forward to than a future that involves you in it.
Someway, some how.

But all I know is that I love you.
And even if we are separated by sea.
Even if other girls hold your heart.
I’ll wait.

And I hope that moment comes one day. 





Half moon?

I’m so not used to being alone in my room.
Falling asleep alone.
Not having the comfort and warmth of another body next to mine.
Having no heartbeat to lay on and lull me to sleep; no arm to hold me.

Nobody to drown with into sleep by means of sleeping pills.
Just a quiet “goodnight” to myself while holding my pillow, pretending and waiting for the moonlight to take me.

I drove home alone this evening and I watched the moon.
I almost opened my mouth to tell my passenger about how beautiful it looked tonight.
Turned my head to my right and remembered you weren’t there.
Nothing but silence on my drive home.

Despite all of that, I am satisfied having stayed with you until you fell asleep.
I’d rather be there for you to be able to rest.
And I hope your slumber is full of wonderful dreams.

I’ll let insomnia take me now or I’ll just down another sleeping pill. 



Bend and Break.
I don’t really know what to say.  Other than everything hurts.  All the way down to my soul and even past that.  It pains me in places that I didn’t even knew existed until today.  I’m hungover and tired and I can’t sleep.  I get up every hour.  

And I told you I couldn’t sleep alone tonight.

And my thoughts are all focused on you.  Here I am, bare-backed, your slave, and do what you will with me.  I have nothing left to lose.

I have nothing left at all actually.

I’m crying empty tears and feeling empty feelings.  Everything I attempt to do is hopeless because there are too many lost causes to catch up with. 

Sleeping on it I realize that I’ve finally lost.  That there isn’t much that I can do.  I’ve done all that I can so far.   
I’m just not good enough to be anything and I’ll never be good to you the way that I want to.  
I try and I think too often about my reactions and what I do but I can never control them.  So maybe this time is really goodbye.  I dislike admitting most things but it’s hard to ignore such a large part of your life pushing you away.  Back into the cold, dark space.  And I’ll just be alone again.
But this time I feel like alone isn’t my home anymore.  I don’t care.   

I’m afraid to be alone this time.  I don’t want to be.  
But I know that I have to.

Everything feels wrong this time, not just one thing.
And there is no possible way to make anything up to you.

So I’ll convince myself that things are fine.
I’ll force myself to believe that I’m ok.
Even in the end, I don’t have myself to believe in. 

I know that I haven’t shown you much caring in these past few days.
Please love me.
You with your broken wings and me with my broken, good-for-nothing everything.

I’ve never wanted anything more like this in my life.
I fucked up.

I’m just a fuckup. 
Is it so wrong to so badly want everything to be ok again?  Not necessarily the same, but just be all right.  

I wish you’d still have me. 




Falling asleep next to you is the best thing ever.
Waking up next to your face.
Rolling over to hold you during the cold mornings. 

Sharing the warmth between our bodies, our skin.
I inhale the scent that I’ve become familiar with,
I bask in it because it reminds me of you.
Hugging you tightly and kissing your cheek;
You don’t even know I’m awake yet.
But you still smile anyways at my loving gestures
While you quietly drift along your sleepiness.

There is nothing more that I could ask for.
To spend my endless days with you sitting around doing nothing.

Your company is all that I need.
Your love fills me wholly. 





Alanarma.

Instead of waking up nicely this morning to the sun and breeze coming in through my window (like every morning) I violently woke up to some non existent reaction.
I shot straight up in my bed as if a bullet went straight through my chest.

I woke up with a million things running through my head.  Too many things to think about and no time to think at all. I wasn’t sure what to sort out first. 
I picked up my phone and realized it was off; turned it on.
A single text I had missed last night was all it had to bear.

And slowly my running thoughts retarded and I could catch myself. 
I found myself remembering last nights events.

I sat down in my chair to smoke and think some more.  I found myself not caring at all.  I was sad but I didn’t care.  I don’t know if that’s how I truly felt or if I was just guarding myself from…myself. 
I couldn’t smoke the entire cigarette so I just put it out.
And then I felt alone.  I looked all around my room and it was fucking quiet.  Just silence except for the breeze and the birds.  Which only added on more to my thoughts.
And as cliche as it sounds, that loneliness consumed me.  My thoughts, feelings, physical being, whatever it could get its cold wiry hands on.
I find myself to be a strong person.  I can live with being alone.  That I could continue on with myself being lonely.  I could still feel the sadness seeping through that.
My body hurts and I feel sort of weak.  Like something lurking in the night sapped away at my well being.  
And I caught myself thinking if I had done the right thing.  What constitutes something to be the “right” thing?  I stand by myself when I say that if I’m not definitely sure of something I won’t do it.   
And yet I’m still confused.
I’m unhappy, yet, I’m much unhappier without you.  I’m sad now, but not with you.

And maybe that’s just it.
Maybe you’re the strength that has left me.  A lack of your presence in my life is the harbinger of my sadness. 
How can I think, lest decide what is right, when you are not there to consult?
And this loneliness-
The emptiness in my room,
The silence.
It’s because you’re not there.

And I realize that I want you here.
Unhappiness can be fixed.

Losing the person that you love, despite that fact, cannot.
I’m sorry. 





Quite possibly,

I have eaten some spoiled spaghetti?

I feel like hurling and I suddenly got a migraine.  Feels like a sinus headache though.

T_T

Oh, and I guess an update~
OH MY GOD MOTION MUSIC FESTIVAL WAS BEAUTIMOUS.  I was a gigantic retard that entire night so I apologize to those who had to see me in one of the most retarded states I have been in at a rave thus far.  And thank you Shane for accompanying me.  Thank you Joey for attempting to attend<3  To Alex and Roxas for taking care and watching over me all night.  And to the rest of my friends: for the love we share. :D 

I was sort of upset cos I didn’t get to dance on the boxes like I always would.  :[  What’s up with that now anyways?  I know the Motion gogo girls were there that night but I was always able to get up and dance as well.  Should have just done it and gotten carried away by the bouncers anyways >_>  

& I’m glad Joey finally has his refills so he won’t feel so poopy anymore. :)  I was getting way too easily irritated with him when I should have been taking care of him instead.  I’m selfish like that but, then again, aren’t we all?  I just don’t know how to handle it as safely. 

I’m planning on going out tonight.  I want to do stuff.  I want spontaneity.  Adventure.  :3
I also should start searching for a job again since my panic attacks are better under control.  I wanna go back to working at the theaters but I don’t think they’d take me back. :[  I miss my co-workers a lot.  

Anyways, done rambling.  Go out and do something tonight, Tumblr.

Sooo

I sat around moping for the past few days thinking about my failing feelings and where they came from and why I feel that way.
Even if there was no reason to feel that way because everything had been perfectly fine.  I mean, if I had a problem it would have clearly been known the instant it came up. 
After all, I’m just another one of those bitches that force feeds my fist down throats.

And I just thought that I was finished.  Like I no longer had feelings for you and that our time together had finally run out.  That our relationship had reached its apex and there was just nothing more to it.  As if we’d had our share of laughs and happiness and that there wasn’t anything else for us to go on.  Running on empty.
And we had our time to share words.
I realized that, no, I’m not done.  I’m not fucking done.  I want to go on.  I still want you to be in my life.  I still want you.  I want to be with you.  I want to share so many more good times and happiness.  I want to continue loving you and showing you how much I fucking care.  Because I still do.  Excuse my lapse in faith but I knew I wasn’t finished.  

So I’ll keep on trying.  And, like I’ve said, I’ll keep fucking trying until I burn out. 
I’m not going to give up and run away like so many times before.  I’m not that person any longer.
I’m especially not going to let my own faults be the reason why I give up on you. 
Especially you. 
Let me continue to wake up next to you every morning.  To hold the hands that fit so perfectly in mine.  To hold you and feel your warmth.  

LOL I’m such a creeper.
All jokes aside, thank you. 

I knew I said I don’t break hearts, rather, I fix them.
But I think I’m the one who’s broken and you’re slowly picking the pieces back up.
Thanks for being that last bit of hope in my world.  For being the light at the end of my tunnel and the Sirius in the infinity of my sky.  
For being the hand to save me from drowning in this shithole of an earth.  

Stay a while longer?  I promise to be everything you want us to be. 


Can’t sleep.

Must say, thanks to those who pulled through for me tonight. 
Seriously.  It really means a lot to me. 

Maybe we, why don’t we sit right here for half an hour.
We’ll speak of what a waste I am and how we missed your beat again.
I swear we need to find some comfort in this run down place
To bridge the gap of this conscious state that we live in.
I’m short on time.
How come you try and fit the shape of what they tell you
But mostly what they show you.
That brings us home
I pray for you to move on.
At this rate we can’t keep up but I sure can’t just sit still.
I’m taking back all the things I said.
Keep me filled in, I swear I’ll come.
We will walk alone, back home.
You’re almost gone and I’m ok to give you time to be afraid
I still see your shadow but never your face again
I remember your presence.
I hope to God you came down.
I hope to God you can feel this now.
I know there must be some way out of here and all of them will be waiting here.
There were very little words spoken, yet even less action taken. 
????????
I don’t know.  I feel so helpless with everything right now.
I feel like I don’t matter.  I feel like I’m worth shit. 
I feel something’s dying inside of me and goddamn I feel it well. 
It’s piercing every aspect of my being and it hurts like no other. 

I feel like I don’t deserve anything. 
I feel like you don’t love me as much as you could. 

I don’t feel as loved as I’d like to feel, but that just makes me selfish.
Therefore making me somebody who doesn’t deserve anything if I can’t appreciate what I’ve already got. 
Really, what more can I ask for?
What more can I ask for when it’s all right in front of me? 
I’ve always believed that I didn’t deserve much anyways. 
& I know you do, I know it well.  
I know you mean well. 
It just doesn’t feel that way.
It’s kind of like feeling your shattered past being brought between us.  
Not to say I don’t have monsters under my bed either. 
And these barriers.  I can’t get rid of them and I don’t believe you have either. 
I wish you would let me in.  I wish I could know.  I wish I knew how to fix these things but I have neither the power, right, nor knowledge how to.  
I don’t know why I want to be so involved.  It shouldn’t matter.  Water under the bridge right?  What’s past is past and, shit, it shouldn’t matter anymore.
None of my fucking business.
And I just want to be ok.  That’s all I ever want.  I don’t want to be happy or content or amazing.  I just want to be ok.  And when we fight that’s all I ever want.
No matter how upset and angry I may be, no matter the holes in the walls and hysteria, I know that I let matters best me and the only thing I want is to be all right.  I just want to brush the superficial feelings off and show you exactly what I really want.  I don’t want my anger to influence who I really am, who you know me as, and what I want. 
I still want to be the sweetest person you’ve ever met.  Through all the bullshit

Off the throne, through my teeth, pride shut away, and walls destroyed.   

And fuck I’m trying.  I know I fail most of the time but I know that I don’t want to give up.  I don’t believe in giving up.  Cos, shit, I wouldn’t be anywhere if I just gave up.  I don’t want to fail you.  And I guess, even more so, this is for my own self as well.  To know that I’m stronger than I let myself believe. To feel like I can change and try and try fucking harder.   

I don’t understand why I don’t feel as cared for as I could be.  
I feel like you’re holding back from me.  
& I know I hurt you and you hurt me but wounds are wounds and they heal. 
I just don’t understand.  I can’t comprehend. 
I want to break down and curl up in a corner and sob my day away. 
I am so out of place to ask, because I hate asking things of you.  I like to cater because that’s what I do.  That’s what makes me happy. 
It’s not a matter of proving that I’m loved, because I know I am.  I fucking know it. 
Can you just show me a little more?  Sometimes I don’t feel it.  

I hate this.  I don’t feel like existing.  To just fall off the face of the earth.

I’m sorry.  I’m sorry I’m such shit and I’m so fucked in the head. 
I don’t know why I put myself in such situations.  It shouldn’t even matter but I’m allowing it to affect me. I am my own plague. 
I don’t mean to bring you down, so don’t feel that way.  

Cos I know things will be ok. 

Like I said, it’s all I want but speaking of it won’t make change.  


In Regards to Myself

What am I doing to myself?
Sitting here filled with enough words to write a novel,
Maybe two.
Yet I don't know what those words are quite yet.
Wanting and not wanting,
Hating and loving,
Wishing and waiting, 
Existing in all of it's glory 
(whatever is left of it)
What do I do?
Listen to my mind or my heart?
Listen to what others know (maybe not)
Or let myself fall apart?
There's a war going on here
and it sure as hell isn't ending any time soon.
I wish I could read the tide,
your tide at least.
Unpredictability is a fucking shame. 
Caught between what was good...
what is now, what will be
What have I gotten myself into?
Thinking this might be for the better,
Do I miss you or do I hate you?
For everything that was admirable; for everything that was superficial
In the end it will be ok right?
Because someway,
somehow,
for whatever fucking reason,
I end up right back where I started. 


Graduation

I never expected that this fucking day would come and go so fast. 
I never expected to be sobbing while saying goodbye to all of my classmates.
Cos I know I may never see some of these people again.

Baccalaureate was only the beginning.  
Going to church thinking, oh, we’ve only got one day left!
Never realizing just how much I wouldn’t want the day to end. 
To have just one more day with my classmates.

Walking upstage to grab the jacket for my diploma, everything was so unreal.
I’ve managed to tough out my high school years long enough to graduate in the first place.
After every single run in with admin and nearly getting kicked out several times.
I fucking graduated and everything continues to feel surreal to me. 
It has been such a fucking honor to have survived school with my 2010 brethren. 
The unity that our class had was unbelievable.  

Project graduation could not have been any less amazing as well.
We got to board the Star of Honolulu at Aloha Tower and took a cruise for a couple of hours.  It was fucking amazing and surprising seeing as how I expected to be going to the Waterpark.  I ended up getting seasick and throwing up anyways. :p 
We came back at around 230 and headed for the Waterpark after the cruise. Waterpark ended up being just as amazing and fun.  
God, unlimited food all night!  I swear, last night was spent trying to fatten us up. 

And the ending of project grad is where it pretty much hit us all.  
The circle we made as a class, the hugs and goodbyes that, for most of us, would be the very last hug and farewell to our classmates. 
I fucking sobbed as I hugged everyone and remembered something memorable about you or us.  
The flashbacks of everything since 7th grade.

I simply cannot express the gratitude that I have for my class. 
I’ve spent 4 years with some of you, 6 years with others, and 13 years with the very few of you with whom I’ve grown up with since elementary.  

I’m going to miss everyone very dearly.  It’s hard to imagine that I’ll never be seeing the same faces in the hall that I’ve been seeing nearly every day of my life since 7th grade.  It’s hard to imagine that no one is going to force us to do P.E. anymore.  There will be no more detentions, Founder’s Day, Song Contest, etc.  Being separated from everyone is unbearable and it’s only been a day.  

Thank you graduates of 2010.  Thanks for the memories.  Thanks for helping me become who I am today.  And to those who knew me better than others, thank you for always supporting me through some of the roughest times of my life thus far.  Once again, it has been an honor to have been part of the class of 2010.  
I could not have asked to be a part of a better class than we’ve had. 
And, I know, as cheesy as this Tumblr post may be, I’m damn well proud of having graduated with my orangey seniors. :) 

Let’s not let graduation halt our legendary memoirs. 
I’m going to miss you all so much!
Thank you!
2010 Legends! Imua Kamehameha. :) 

Love, 
Lei


:(

I’m fucking freaking out really bad right now.

Fuck panic attacks.  
Fuck crying.
Fuck frustration.

I can’t stand all of these negative feelings with no reasons attached.

I instantly woke up panicking.
Realized that I couldn’t get in contact with Joey and freaked out even more. 
So I’m fucking alone and crying.  What a bunch of bullshit.

I need to be with somebody right now so I’m gonna go chill with Alex as soon as my parents bring my car home. 
Took my anti-anxiety meds, so it should start working soon. (If it already hasn’t, I think I can feel it)

Fuck panic attacks.  I can never get the best of it.



One

last cigarette before I fall asleep next to my love. :D
Been playing Aika since I woke up with Joey.  Literally.  I haven’t really stopped until now unless I had to use the bathroom or get food rofl.

I know it’s a day after, and I’ve already said it to you, but happy 4 months Joey Pabalinas.
We’ve had quite the ups and downs like any other couple has had. 
Maybe just as bad, not as bad, or even worse.
But I know deep down that my love for you is stronger than any problem we’ve faced and have yet to face.
And I’m sorry for our fights.  Thanks for staying by my side still.
Love you.
Good night Tumblr.