(I tagged people who I figured would get a kick out of reading my weird ass thoughts, but if I didn't tag you it probably just means I'm too sleep deprived to think correctly and I'm sorry <3)
 
 
 
- No sleep has taken me the past few days; yet the weariness that consumes is not one that is cured by relief of the body;
 
 
it can only be cured by relief of the soul.
 
 
 
I wonder. If you think about me like I think about you: occasionally, fearfully, and with the same hope that keeps the human spirit going; the hope that can only exist when there is a doubt, an uncertainty, and an unknown.
 
Are we both in the same situation, each trying to manipulate this moral code of how love is to be carried out, hoping that we can manipulate it to serve our whims? Thinking, "This has always worked. So why would it fail now?"
 
Have we both almost reached the point where we are longing to concede to what we believe could be the only possible truth? That the other person, the being of whom is in our eyes a treasure to be valued and kept safe by the verdict of our human emotions, simply doesn't care. Have we reached the stage where this is the only way to preserve our own happiness, to accept a truth that has been proved on blind faith and assumption rather than conscious, rational, thought and communication?
 
Maybe. When two complicated people meet, they are used to the world being simple; to people and places, to communication, relationships, and to life itself, being simple. And when it is not?
 
 
 
They feel lost.
 
 
 
And that feeling is the proof that the world isn't simple. That maybe manipulation of the widely accepted social standards of humanity isn't the way to love; but the opposite instead. That they have to place it upon themselves to act, to ask, in order to know.
Love and friendship is no different than life as a whole. Everything is built around thought, reason, our minds and it's ability to keep us alive. And in the end? To keep us happy. So I've come to realize that this is not a feeling I should accept and wallow under; instead, I will embrace and confront it. I will accept the consequences as my own, and the rewards shall be claimed by no others.
 
Just like in every aspect of life, there is only one truth in every aspect of love.
 
Blind faith and assumptions will do nothing but harm and destroy you and your happiness. And though it's hard to accept responsibility, to allow the thought that failure is possible by no one's fault but our own to engulf our beings, it is the only way to live, to be happy, to love. Nothing that is worth having in this world, from a beautiful bride to a wonderful, thriving entrepreneurship, to even a brief moment of beautiful clarity, cathartic happiness, and absolute passion for one's own life, ever comes easy.
 
 
 
Nothing that is worth anything, can come from nothing. Because the only thing that will ever come from nothing, is its own stoic axiom;
 
"Nothing was, is, and always will be nothing. And any value, anything that destroys the nothingness of loneliness, death, and despair, must come from something that is greater than zero, greater than nothing, greater than a mind that is blank."
 
It must come from you. From your thoughts, your actions, and your own love of the life that is yours and yours only to live. 
 
 
 
So maybe I am wrong for not giving up, or giving in, to not allowing fear to dissuade my lust for happiness and life. And maybe I will be wrong, broken, and defeated.
 
But this will only be a temporary defeat, you see; there is no permanent defeat other than death.
And as long as I am living, I will continue to risk, to win, to lose, to love, to be broken, and I will always get back up. Because I realize today, that I cannot hold a more virtuous truth in my soul than the following simple statement.
 
 
 
I value my life today. I am worth something; my being is worth the gift of life that has been given to me. Otherwise, I wouldn't be here; I would be, in the only possible way to describe that state, dead. And you should also value your life; you, who possessed and still possesses the intellectual curiosity, the wonder, and the motivation to read up to this anti-climactic ending. It is no great new knowledge or any innovative truth that I have written about on this day. Just one simple morality and meaning; just the most common of that common sense; that which you may or may not have been hiding from yourself in your lifetime from fear, laziness, or other human vice.
 
 
 
I have said what I have wanted to say, and now all that you have to do; no, all that is possible for you to do; is to use your mind, or in the simplest, most nonchalant of actions, to throw it away. Just like you've done all your life, without even realizing it; all you can do now is make the same choice that has been before you from the day you were born into this world, as well as your constant companion until that final day on which death's inevitable embrace envelopes you for eternity. Use your mind, or don't.
 
 
 
But just know one final thing before you choose:
 
If I am human, with wrongs and rights of my own, sins and virtues that belong to no one but myself, and I am worth life, love, and happiness; why are you not?
 
The definition of humanity, of what it means to be human; well, the definition is that you are no different than myself or any other man or woman alive. We as humans, as humanity by definition, are not bound by ANY original sin, or for that matter by ANY sin or consequence for which we as an individual responsible for, but instead by the only rational and valid birthright that is also our single, inescapable law:
That if we are born; if we are brought to life by the miraculous accomplishment of not only our first real, tangible, and absolute achievement, but also that of our most unimaginable, insurmountable, and greatest of any achievement ever possible; THIS is our birth. THIS is our indisputable proof; THIS is our absolute meaning; THIS is our invincible morality; and THIS, is the only cornerstone that can define itself as the foundation capable of supporting anything and everything in our life. To participate in the savage rape and treason that is to try and substitute anything other than creation of our life, our birth, OUR GENESIS, as ANY of the aforementioned; that choice is to simply forsake and condemn the only absolute innocence that is possible in reality.
 
And that lonely purity is life; and even the simplest fragment of the most impotent mind in the whole of this universe can grasp the inevitability and finality of the fate that awaits those who betray the only authority that is absolute, omnipotent, and unchallengeable.
Then it is without any shreds whatsoever of any uncertainties, doubts, or reservations in your mind, heart, and soul, there should exist the knowledge and acceptance of our single, absolute axiom: That by the simple act of being here today, of being alive, of being able to read these convoluted thoughts I've somehow managed to compile into something that you decided for one reason or another was worthy of reading this far, means that YOU are a value unto yourself. YOU are worth every earned second of YOUR LIFE. You as an individual, would be dead if you weren't worth the life you are living this very moment.
 
And the all of the beauty, irony, humor, and despair possible for the entirety of life lies in a single fact; in the deep, hidden heart of humanity itself. 
 
Because of the value of you life, you have the single choice that nothing else in the entirety of our reality, has. Humanity has the power to choose whether he uses his mind, or discards it. Man alone has the power to do something that is absolutely impossible to the rest of reality. Even though you are worth the individual life you are living without a slightest doubt in any rationality, morality, or common sense, you can chose to simply say, "No."
Though it is true nothing, not even humanity, can produce a value from nothingness, there is something far more grandeur. Man, simply by the definition of his own humanity, can do something far greater, far more powerful and tremendous than what even the entire universe in it's immense scope and power cannot hope to even grasp the fleeting concept of. Do you know what that is?
 
 
 
You see, No force in this universe, not even man, can create something out of nothing, it is simply impossible. But you can however, with nothing else but the power of your humanity, granted to you as if it were worth no more than the smallest speck of dust that has been long forgotten, lost in the reaches of some infinity at the heart of one of trillions of unimportant, dead singularities of a simple black hole, choose to discard your mind, to say no to and cast away your reason and rationality, to which nothing else in the entirety of the universe could ever come close to even making a impotent, disfigured, imitation of.
 
And that is the truth. It is sad, horrible, it is funny, ironic, egotistical, and all in itself indescribable. Through all of the perfection, the science that runs reality, you exist as almost a complete anomaly; a cancer of sorts, feverishly growing out of control, and doing nothing but destroy and kill anything and everything among the entirety of the universe surrounding it, while all the while, silently and with no resistance, reality was destroyed. The rest of the body around this cancer does not have the capacity to resist; they are not blessed, they have been given nothing special, the rest of the surrounding body in it's simple entirety is not individual or unique. All the rest of the surrounding body tissues and cells are an exact image what the entirety of reality itself is restricted to, except for humanity;
exist.
 
It's almost ludicrous in it's sad truth that the universe can do not one thing against you, not take one action, if you choose to nullify that which has value; to proclaim and make law, truth, axiom, that even though this thing that is a value, a thing, an existance, that appears to be all these things, is not. "This is nothing. This may seem like a value, but don't be fooled, this is nothing. This is a sin. Do not ask, 'Why?' for that is also a sin."
 
 
 
And so that's is the meaning of what it is to be human, the answer to so many unanswered questions, about life, love, happiness. That simple sad truth:
Here we stand, as mankind. We are tiny, insignificant combinations of random carbon atoms, and we are worthless in the overall scope of reality as a whole. We cannot become wizard and make planets and stars in the night sky as we please. Nothing can do that. Unfortunately, we are capable of far worse. Many, if not the majority of us, are inclined to take part in these unspeakable acts; we can do the opposite of turn nothing into something. We can therefore nullify the entirety of our own individual values; eventually the values of everything around us like a cancer in an unsuspecting body; and in essence, defeating the universe itself, and in the end, reality. Reaching the only fate that awaits those who betray the only authority that is absolute, omnipotent, and unchallengeable. 
I have repeated twice about this "authority that is absolute, omnipotent, and unchallengeable." So you may ask, "If it is so, then why can we defy reality and do what nothing else can? Doesn't that make then the opposite? Weak, crippled, and dead?" Well, the universe is the universe. And a truth is a truth. You will have not defeated, challenged, or even breached any of life's authorities, even if you were to destroy reality itself. "Why?" you may ask, with heavy hypocrisy staining your words; as even a man who's discarded his mind for whatever reason cannot discard all of it, no matter how hard he clings to faith, or any other facades of comfort.
 
Because you see, when you betray life, you die. They are the only two roads of reality. And though you may try and overpower the universe, staging a coup at gunpoint with your mind, the same you have discarded, you now seem to confidently flaunt as the weapon of your mutiny, it is not at all what is really happening. In fact, once you've made that choice and thrown away reason and rationality, you also threw away life, and now you will have no choice but to die. You have have challenged the absolute, and you cannot win against that, for that is how reality works, you who have thrown away the reason that could have saved you from your fate. For you need the rest of reality to survive. There is no such thing as a cancer with no host; and when the host dies, the cancer follows it's without any choice in the matter.
 
 
The catharsis is indescribable as I finish up these last few paragraphs. I haven't felt alive like for so long; I-I'd almost forgotten what it felt like to love life like this again. My body is starting to reach it's physical limits, so I'll conclude with simply this:
 
 
 
So it is up to you now, who have read my words, to choose what fate you wish for yourself and reality. I have told you the truths, it is up to you to allow them to become your truths. I have showed you the consequences of living against the way of reason, it is up to you to determine by the power of your own thought whether I am right or wrong. I have told you how to be happy, why you feel despair and guilt at times when you are confused as to why, it is up to you to awaken yourself. To stop lying to your morality. To find out how to find your own individual happiness. I have given you knowledge, but do not take blind faith in them and give in to every whim without thought of your own, and do not toss aside the information as rubbish without taking inventory of it yourself, because there is no such nothing as rubbish information until you have taken full meaning of it and declared it so.
 
I hope that somewhere inside you, a sleeping question, maybe even hundred, millions of them have been awakened; and I hope most of all, that you have the conviction to take it upon yourself to answer them, no matter how hard the road ahead. Because even though we can become the cancer that will destroy reality itself, we can also live as was intended all along; happy, rational, and curious. Live forever in pursuit to extend your own knowledge and to ask questions and fail every now any then. Failure of your own knowledge and fault is not any sort of sin, even though that’s what you’ve been taught your entire life. As long as you learn and try to fix what you know in your mind as wrong, you are the definition of just, virtuous, and righteous. In the end the choice isn’t mine, and it never will be.
 
 
 
The rest is up to you.
 
 
 
 
 
 
~Finished on 10/17/2010 at exactly 11:11PM having not slept for approximately 38 hours.
Thanks you for taking the time to read this, who ever you are. I don't know why, but the compulsion I felt to write it, to create, was indescribable at the time and still is. I hope you understand my message, which has been inspired by too much literature for a sane man to cite, but thank you to all of you, my books, my wonderful inspirations; you were my muses for this, and I don't know why, but I am extremely happy after finishing this, and I hope that maybe some of you will find even half of the joy in the reading in analysis of it.
 
 
Sincerely,
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joey Pabalinas (http://k1nch.tumblr.com/)
 
 
I always enjoy the empathy that maybe someone is out there, someone who I may never have met, someone who feels the way I do about the same things. It's small, short, and brief, but it is a wonderful feeling, knowing that there is another out there who understands you, if even only just a small part.