well here it is, so now you know how fucked up my life has been since i last saw you.

my name is joey, and i have a problem.

i am an alcoholic, drug addict, a chain-smoker, and for all intents and purposes, absolutely depressed.

I’ve been doing great, assistant manager at my job, i sell insurance; recently sold two policies made myself just about 700 dollars, but i’m still a fuckup.

my parents don’t understand that i’m an adult, treat me like a 12-year old, and i don’t know how to explain it to them. they think i’m not capable of making my own decisions.

thank god i have friends; even more so my best friends, because i think i’d be completely lost without them.

i drink. i drink a lot.

i take adderall most days, above recommended dosages, just to feel happy, so i can have some semblance of productivity.

on days i can’t, i do drugs or drink, just to sweep my sobriety under the rug.

i roll way too often, 1-2 times a week, gonna be three this week.

drugs are all that keep me sane now a days. i’m not addicted to THEM per say, but addicted to the simple lack of sobriety.

i drink by myself at night often, and the only reason i am able to live my productive life while being a drug addict/alcoholic is the addrerall, thank god.

that’s why everyone think’s i’m crazy. that’s the secret. all it is is simple amphetamines.

even now, realizing this epiphany, i still drink. i still try to drown my sadness in inebriation.

i trust barely anyone. as of now i trust two people with my secrets. there were three, but it was a huge mistake, she fucked me. hard.

and deep down inside, even though i’m the happiest person to everyone else, i’m fucking cynical, sad, depressed, and slightly maniacal. I always think the worst of people. i’m only happy because it benefits me in relation to others.

i’m a mess. deep down inside, i’m a big broken mess. and this is the first time i’ve really confessed it, under the influence of more drugs than i can count on one hand.

so please, help. that’s all this broken confession can ask for. and a friend i guess, but if you’re reading this, you’re probably of the few people i trust enough as a friend anyway.

until the stars align and our paths cross again.