SECRET


haha. well, shit, you found me. i guess that’s what i get for underestimating a tweaker of your magnitude. :)

and damn, i really haven’t written in a while. haha. must mean i don’t need to rant or bitch as much as i used to, huh? can thank my friends for that, i think.

BUT. there was a point to this post, i can assure you. issues and social awkwardness aside, you’re one of my best friends. i think it’s all right to make an exception here or there. let a couple of people in my head. and you’re probably the only person that reads this dumb thing anyway. haha.

so, what the hell. here it is. :)

i’ve never been a happy person— well, not so much unhappy as pessimistic. but i guess you need to be pretty unhappy to see the worst in everything, right? haha. never mind, i was pretty unhappy. you saw it firsthand.

but that was then and this is now. i’m happy for the first time in a long time. i don’t need drugs. i can enjoy sobriety. i have you and jared and all my good friends to thank for that. :)

BUT. that’s not what i wanted to talk about. haha. i decided to write because it’s less intrusive. less embarrassing. and this way, we can pretend you don’t know a damn thing. a “SECRET”, if you will. haha. actually, you probably know already; you’re a smart guy. and i’m obscenely transparent when it comes to this kind of thing.

i like you.

haha. SUR-FUCKING-PRISE!!! :D

and i never told you, because i was always afraid of changing our relationship. i don’t take risks when it comes to people and relationships; it’s not really my thing.

i’m writing this now, because should something happen, i just want you to know that you’re really amazing. and that i care. shun used to tell me he loved me all the time. i only said, “i love you,” a week before his accident.

i almost missed that opportunity. and it would’ve killed me.

so. that’s it. :) this was written for selfish reasons. haha. i don’t expect you to return my feelings, it’s not like that at all. i just wanted you to know.

BUT THIS IS OUR SECRET. <3

ciao~