//hellenica
 
ch1.burletta
 
A little joke.
 
All the world is scared.
 
And though I don’t show it, I’m shit my pants terrified.
 
But you know what? I’m tired of missing chances. I’m tired of fucking up.
 
I’m tired of a lot of things.
 
So fuck it, I’m all-in; whether or not the rest of the world is. If I get fucked, I’ll take it with a smile. If I get broken, I’ll pick up the pieces and start over.
 
Here’s my heart, and I’m hoping for the best really, but there is that chance. That you’re a liar. That none of this is real. That this is all for nothing.
 
If I go by what the past has taught me: I should be careful; I should be reserved. Fuck trust.
 
But you know what? There’s also a chance that it’s not bullshit. That this really is what I’ve been waiting for. That you’re the change I want to see in this world. That you are real.
 
So fuck the past, because that isn’t what you are. You are the here, and now.
 
And fuck if I’m gonna let that pass me by. I’ve been living half-heartedly for way too long, and I’m tired of being lonely.
 
I’m tired of being cynical. I’m tired of being jaded.
 
Most of all, I’m tired of this apathy.
 
An Eagle stayed his flight and entreated a Lion to make an alliance with him to their mutual advantage. The Lion replied, “I have no objection, but you must excuse me for requiring you to find surety for your good faith, for how can I trust anyone as a friend who is able to fly away from his bargain whenever he pleases?”
 
So, I’m cutting off my wings as surety.
 
All-in; the rest is up to you.
 
I wrote this for a girl who I've never even met. Not to flatter or anything like that, but because I'm scared. I'm scared of getting hurt again. I'm scared of trusting. I guess this is how I express my feelings, through words and paragraphs. But all the words in the world can't express real humanity.
 
She makes me feel absolutely incredible, and it seems too good to be true. And really, that's why I'm afraid. So I'm hoping she'll read this, maybe give me a sign or two that she feels the same way; that we don't have to be afraid of each other. Or maybe she won't, because this is life; not one of those books that I cling so hard to, with happy endings and the perfectly-timed deus ex machina. Another night I suppose; ice and whiskey for me. Ice, whiskey, and these paragraphs of glass will have to suffice. For now at least.
 
Axioms and Idioms are fine and dandy, but in the end it's you who determines how I feel;
 
and well, I'm feeling awfully (omitted).
 
Doubt sucks.
 
Oh well; there’s honestly no road I’d rather take.
 
Don’t cry for me Argentina;
For I am already dead.
 
Knock knock?